= rfilemaker

Heavily inspired by lardawge-rfm, see http://github.com/lardawge/rfm.

This library parses a Filemaker Pro FMPXMLRESULT type document, nothing more, nothing less

== Installation

Easy, just use:
	
	gem install rfilemaker
	
== Usage

To parse a Filemaker Pro export file named 'export.xml', use:

	RFilemaker.parse('export.xml')
	
This returns an array of hashes, each of which represent a row in your Filemaker database.
Fields are automatically converted to their ruby types. 

For instance, parsing the following XML export:

	<FMPXMLRESULT xmlns="http://www.filemaker.com/fmpxmlresult">
		<ERRORCODE>0</ERRORCODE> 
		<PRODUCT BUILD="5/23/2002" NAME="FileMaker Pro"
		VERSION="7.0"/> 
		<DATABASE DATEFORMAT="MM/dd/yy" LAYOUT="summary"
		NAME="Employees.fp7" RECORDS="23" TIMEFORMAT="hh:mm:ss"/>
		<METADATA>
			<FIELD EMPTYOK="NO" MAXREPEAT="1" NAME="First Name" TYPE="TEXT"/>
			<FIELD EMPTYOK="NO" MAXREPEAT="1" NAME="Last Name" TYPE="TEXT"/>
			<FIELD EMPTYOK="YES" MAXREPEAT="1" NAME="Department" TYPE="TEXT"/>
		</METADATA>
		<RESULTSET FOUND="2">
			<ROW MODID="47" RECORDID="34"> 
				<COL>
					<DATA>Joe</DATA>
				</COL>
				<COL>
					<DATA>Smith</DATA>
				</COL>
				<COL>
					<DATA>Engineering</DATA>
				</COL>
			</ROW>
			<ROW MODID="89" RECORDID="78">
				<COL> 
					<DATA>Susan</DATA>
				</COL>
				<COL>
					<DATA>Jones</DATA>
				</COL>
				<COL>
					<DATA>Marketing</DATA>
				</COL>
			</ROW>
		</RESULTSET>
	</FMPXMLRESULT>

gives this Ruby hash:

	[{"Last Name"=>"Smith", "Department"=>"Engineering", "First Name"=>"Joe"},
	 	{"Last Name"=>"Jones", "Department"=>"Marketing", "First Name"=>"Susan"}]
	
== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.
